# SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-only

config CNSS2
	tristate "CNSS2 Platform Driver for Wi-Fi Module"
	depends on !CNSS && PCI_MSM
	help
	  This module adds the support for Connectivity Subsystem (CNSS) used
	  for PCIe based Wi-Fi devices with QCA6174/QCA6290 chipsets.
	  This driver also adds support to integrate WLAN module to subsystem
	  restart framework.

config CNSS2_DEBUG
	bool "CNSS2 Platform Driver Debug Support"
	depends on CNSS2
	help
	  This option is to enable CNSS2 platform driver debug support which
	  primarily includes providing additional verbose logs for certain
	  features, enabling kernel panic for certain cases to aid the
	  debugging, and enabling any other debug mechanisms.

config CNSS2_QMI
	bool "CNSS2 Platform Driver QMI support"
	depends on CNSS2
	help
	  CNSS2 platform driver uses QMI framework to communicate with WLAN
	  firmware. It sends and receives boot handshake messages to WLAN
	  firmware, which includes hardware and software capabilities and
	  configurations. It also sends WLAN on/off control message to
	  firmware over QMI channel.

config CNSS_ASYNC
	bool "Enable/disable CNSS platform driver asynchronous probe"
	depends on CNSS2
	help
	  If enabled, CNSS platform driver would do asynchronous probe.
	  Using asynchronous probe will allow CNSS platform driver to
	  probe in parallel with other device drivers and will help to
	  reduce kernel boot time.

config BUS_AUTO_SUSPEND
	bool "Enable/Disable Runtime PM support for PCIe based WLAN Drivers"
	depends on CNSS2
	depends on PCI
	help
	  Runtime Power Management is supported for PCIe based WLAN Drivers.
	  The features enable cld wlan driver to suspend pcie bus when APPS
	  is awake based on the driver inactivity with the Firmware.
	  The Feature uses runtime power management framework from kernel to
	  track bus access clients and to synchronize the driver activity
	  during system pm.
	  This config flag controls the feature per target based. The feature
	  requires CNSS driver support.

config CNSS_QCA6290
	bool "Enable CNSS QCA6290 chipset specific changes"
	help
	  This enables the changes from WLAN host driver that are specific to
	  CNSS QCA6290 chipset.
	  These changes are needed to support the new hardware architecture
	  for CNSS QCA6290 chipset.

config CNSS_QCA6390
	bool "Enable CNSS QCA6390 chipset specific changes"
	help
	  This enables the changes from WLAN host driver that are specific to
	  CNSS QCA6390 chipset.
	  These changes are needed to support the new hardware architecture
	  for CNSS QCA6390 chipset.

config CNSS_EMULATION
	bool "Enable specific changes for emulation hardware"
	help
	  This enables the changes from WLAN drivers that are specific to
	  emulation hardware.
	  These changes are needed for WLAN drivers to support and meet the
	  requirement of emulation hardware.
